Tweak stubs for better VS Code import (#1234)
python-attrs/attrs: changelog.d/1234.change.md

> Change how our type stubs are organized to optimize VS Code quick-fix import suggestions.
> Modernize type stubs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our type stubs now use modern type notation and are organized such that VS Code's quick-fix prefers the `attrs` namespace.
```

sOmEoNe forgot how to write changelogs eh ಠ_ಠ
